Change ingredient amounts of how user buys to be in bigger amounts per package. Bakeries usually buy goods in 
large packages so they don't have to buy too many individually.

Objective of this prompt: Add sound and music
Action: Add cool sound effects to button clicks, any action 
(buying, selling, customer rejects, etc...) using tone.js CDN link(15.3.11) built in synth tools (polysynth)
Extra: on start page, try to compose a unique E-Minor cinematic game genre 30 sec music piece for page on repeat with 3 
different instruments

Objective of this prompt: Add more crisis/unexpected occurrences and spontaneous decisions moments frequently
Examples: getting robbed, 

Start button doesn't work anymore. Also EVOLVE the UI and animation of the start page:
Displaying Main Menu
Button clicked: btn-new-game
Executing action for: btn-new-game
Error: Script error.
Button clicked: btn-new-game
Executing action for: btn-new-game
Error: Script error.
Button clicked: btn-new-game
Executing action for: btn-new-game
Error: Script error.

Objective of this prompt: Events and Seasonality, customer loyalty, behavior, 
satisfaction variability logic
-Seasons shift customer interest in toppings, modify
Events, Seasonality, and Scenario System
- Random events (crises, health inspections) and scheduled seasonality (holidays, weather).
- Scenario editor: design scenarios teaching concepts (cash crunch, rapid growth).

Just fix errors nothing else, also adjust z-index of tutorial and start buttons to be higher than overlay: Displaying Main Menu
Button clicked: btn-new-game
Executing action for: btn-new-game
Error: Error executing action: 
TypeError {}

Devlog: 
-Implemented Autonomous Staff Gameplay
    +In buying mode, use employees to automatically buy inventory for you. More skilled staff will buy amounts more appropriately
    +Assign employees to bake certain items and watch different skilled employees have varying time and quality
    +Employees will handle customers automatically if you don't
-Expanded Ingredients Market Selection
    +Sorted ingredients into 2 categories: Basic and Extra
    +Added 3 markets and a lot of ingredients
-Added recipe book feature in hub
    +Players can create custom recipes with any amount of ingredients
    #ingredients and price selection affect sales
-Started using Google AI Studid
-Leveled UP UI and animation of game elements
    +Utilized GSAP js library plugins for animating static text and button elements
    +Redesigned walking Hub and Pre-op Phaser environment to have realistic lighting, appealing colors, shadows and complex geometry

When I press start game, a javascript popup says "Game Error: I is not a function",
also I see the 2 start buttons .1 seconds before animation causes them to disappear going down.
I can still click them but I can't see them.

the I error is still there, but buttons and animation show up now; don't overthink it 

Debuggng error "I is not a function
have to start a new chat for vs code go faster
run in terminal a command that finds in my files "I is not a function"
resolved

Start button doesn't work still: Displaying Main Menu
Button clicked: btn-new-game
Executing action for: btn-new-game
Error: Error executing action for btn-new-game 
TypeError {}

at t.value (https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eruda:8:170303)
at new t (https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eruda:8:165416)
at t.value (https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eruda:8:185975)
at https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eruda:8:187609

I can't scroll to click done shopping, make sure all modes allow players to see bottom elements

I can't click into text box to name my recipe or click on pastry type dropdown, also there are so many white text over white area in pre op buildings and baking stage

in recipe book, i can click ingredients but can't name or change pastry type. also the topping ingredients 
amount when I click on them I can't change, but basisc ingredients yes
reason i can't change pastry type or name is a gsap animation I'm able to tilt the book when I drag.
also all ingredients amount in recipe book are unchangeable but clickable

in pre-op phase, all helpful tips text or informational text, check metro reality, and buisness advice, and change all inside buildings background area to dynamic dark colors 

My game currently has very little financial education value, when teens play my game,
I want them to learn about the financial world behind running a business, including
the technical terms of setting up a business, so when they start their own business someday,
they practically know what to expect, what type of numbers to expect, know what and how of the legal side of buisness,
and know how to manage their money and assets effectively, what decisions a buisness owner has to make. Plan out
how to integrate really useful info from top finance books, blogs, reputable websites about
money management, business management, and business strategy, legal details of buisness, etc...
Make sure to not use too many AI token credits as I have limited. Focus the tokens on implementing actual changes to the plan.
Try not to get stuck debugging, don't open a browser to test the game, I'll do the debugging.

look for the financial scenario code, that code doesn't show up on the game as functionality, find a way to connect
the financial scenario code into actual gameplay

Significant upgrade of gameplay: implement customer logic, numbers, behavior and overall complexity into gameplay.
Player can now buy items and upgrades to improve their customer rates. There will also be a customer "database" feature
that business usually have to keep track of stats of their customers. Allow for random customer incidents.
-Need to add to and redesign pre-op and operation phase. Pre-op needs make every decision affect customers, except for permits. add buying options as well.
-Need to have operational phase follow pre-op logic in unison for customer rate affecting factors
-Add robust database for customer tracking (a real typical database contact info, purchase history 
(what, when, how much), order details (custom cakes, pre-orders), loyalty program status, preferences 
(allergies, favorite items), demographics (age, gender), and interaction data (emails opened, online orders))
simplify the example database and each field should affect the gameplay and customer rate somehow. be proactive about making this idea be complete


Make the gameplay more realistic in several ways:
-You have to fundamentally change how customers behave in the game, each customer should
have a unique personality, loyalty, preferences, willingness to pay, and all customers should
experience different levels of satisfaction. 50% of the satisfaction will come from my bakery's experience (looks of bakery,
quality of food, service, etc...) and 50% from their own affairs (personality, loyalty, preferences, 
willingness to pay, and external circumstance (right now, only weather)), this should affect the rate of which the customer comes
-This change will require refactoring of gameplay to incoporate all elements of what I want from above bullet point 
-Make each customer transaction longer and more complex, (change time system from live to hybrid live and calculated blocks 
(e.g. a customer interaction, will take a calculated amount of time, and when not in customer interaction mode, 
the time system will be live))
-Each customer interaction will have a customer and front worker (any of the staff at the time, including the owner), but only owner has the immersive customer interaction mode.
*Stop notifying with big popup when a bakery item is made, it interupts the gameplay
-Customer interaction mode has small talk gameplay (balance talking too long or short), and selling interaction, asking customer to wait a few minutes for unavailable interested item to be made.
*Make the assigning staff tasks functionality to be more robust and deliberate, so I can pick the task and which staff I assign to. That staff will become unavailable for any other task.
Game should also calculate the satisfaction level of customers the staff handles, but account for how
staff performed in the interaction, and how customer behaved in the interaction, so it should have a small range of randomness
-User should see satisfaction levels, unique customer traits, and more in upgraded customer database

now implement stage 1 of realistic gameplay plan, then step 2 and 3 adverse
At last implement stage 4, 5, and 6

Look at previous commit to see what files were created and modified. I should have had a more complex customer gameplay,
but gameplay looks the exact same.

the new customer interaction system doesn't properly record the transaction amount, and no money in earned.
Also the customer database looks exactly the same

The daily costs (rent and utilities) are too high to be realistic. Usually these costs
would be billed monthly, 

code new seasonality, scenario system with customer behavior, so certain items are favorable at certain time.
strawberries,

in selling mode, there isn't any option to assign staff to customer, 
the game is still notifying every time an hour passes (NotificationSystem.js should handle all notifications, no other file should), 
and when an item is finished. No revenue is coming in, when i enter manual interaction, the time stops and doesn't start after I'm done.
The newly integrated logic of REALISTIC_GAMEPLAY_PLAN.md into the game is full of bugs.

Delete all verbal interaction with customer logic, revert to
customer just orders what they want. Try to have a more robust customer handling system, so a customer is always served
by a staff. code different roles in bakery, right now just customer role, and producer role.
add a functionality for user to set markup percentage from cost to make item. make 
customer behavior and buy rate affected by their mood on what ingredients they want for the day and the price

make an .md file on how to make this gameplay have finance and buisness education value, by integrating
principles into gameplay without outright telling the user that they are learning this principle. My goal
is if I were to send this game to a small business owner, they would say the finance aspect of my game is so
true. use real reputable books, websites, finance studies, and other resources you find on the internet
that teach finance principles. 

Shift the game to a more financial lense 

acli rovodev auth login

how to modify system instructions 

make the prompt emphasize to make it a engaging game for teens barely exposed to the reality of the financial world
When writing inital code, make it small, then edit the file in small amounts

redesign tax evasion simulator into an well thought out, graphically custom board game.Redesign graphics
to be game like using a babylon.js library through cdn link (don't use any of the online assets, just the code).
Gameplay will be user(s) roll dice to move to square on a Monopoly themed Game board, where each space is a either a buisness opportunity, working at a job square, random chance investment opportunity, semi-stable investment square (real-estate, 401k, bank programs, slow moving investments), others.
There will also be types of squares to reduce tax through real life strategies. Gameplay should balance randomness with user control over finance to be realistic to real life. Make a plan md first, then execute in small steps.

Act as a Senior Creative Developer. Modify tax policy html to a high-fidelity, single-page 3D board game titled 'The Wealth Architect: Equity vs. Income.'

Technical Requirements:

Use Babylon.js via CDN to render a 3D 'Monopoly-style' board. Do not use external assets; generate all geometry (dice, board, player tokens) using code.

Use Tailwind CSS to build a modern, 'FinTech-inspired' UI overlay that tracks Cash, Assets, Debt, and the player's 'Effective Tax Rate.'

Gameplay Mechanics:

The Dice System: Players roll to move around 50-space perimeter.

The Hustle (Job Squares): Landing here generates high cash flow, but triggers a 30% 'Income Tax' penalty immediately.

The Portfolio (Investment Squares): Allows players to buy assets (Real Estate/Stocks). These appreciate in value but trigger 0% tax because they are 'unrealized gains.'

The 'Buy, Borrow, Die' Mechanic: Include a feature where players with high assets can choose to 'Borrow against Equity' at 4% interest instead of selling assets or working for cash, demonstrating a significantly lower cost of living compared to income tax.

Target Audience: Teens. The game must be fast-paced, visually engaging, and highly educational regarding the legal structures of the modern financial system. Focus on the technical accuracy of Progressive Income Tax vs. Asset-Backed Lending."

do i have coderabbit ai on this repo
CodeRabbit PR test: This line is added to check if CodeRabbit reviews this pull request.
open a pull request or push code to check if coderabbit works. I usually just straight up commit and sync to main branch.
Checking rovo dev 

could you do the steps until I see coderabbit work